
Fedena

Product
Pricing
Partner
Company
Contact

Fedena
All-In-One College and School Management Software

Automate everything, Generate insightful reports, Make better & faster decisions

Prices start only at ₹ 36,000/year for unlimited students, unlimited courses and free hosting.
Loved by the pioneers in technology
Deloitte
CNBC
MIT TR 35
NASSCOM
Why Fedena School Management Software?

Fedena is a multipurpose school management system which aids in automating the school’s daily operations hassle-free and provide insightful reports and 360-degree tracking so that the stakeholders can make better and faster decisions to escalate the productivity of their institution.

From organizing the parent-teacher meeting to online fees collection and examination management, to bulk data management Fedena school software handles every process smoothly and efficiently. It is a fully web-based school ERP software provides 100+ excellent modules, 24/7 customer support, and data security.

Trusted by

40,000+
Schools and Colleges

20 million+
Students & Teachers

Why should School Management System be part of your institute?

School management software which includes everything your institution will ever need

Easy Library Management System
Say bye-bye to time-consuming cataloging and classification process. With Fedena library ERP management system keep real-time track on issuing and returning of the books. Quickly collect the fine and payment dues. In single-click, generate fine receipts.
Learn More >

Paperless Admission Process:
Reduce the carbon footprints and efficiently manage the whole student admission process using customizable digital forms. This ERP system simplifies document submission, subject assignment, batch allotment, and much more.
Learn More >

Parent-Teacher Collaboration
Easily managementge proper and effective communication between parents, teachers, and students. With Fedena, parents can keep a track on their pupil academic progress. Stay updated about an important announcement.
Learn More >

Examination, Gradebook & Custom Reports
Eliminate the unnecessary cost of the examination process. Effortlessly conduct view, and reset the online examination. Enter and update the marks whenever it is necessary. Create a customized report and instantly share it with parents and students.
Learn More >

Timetable, Attendance & Scheduling
Reduce workload and improve teachers efficiency. Mark the attendance in a single click. Without putting much effort to create an error-free timetable, quickly do classroom-allocation, subject-allocation to teachers.
Learn More >

Fees Management & Online Payment
Secured and hassle-free financial transaction. Automatic fee collection by integrating Fedena with payment gateway, also enable tax on all types of fee transactions. Imply fine on late fees, add instant discounts, and create reports for a 360-degree track.
Learn More >

+50 other awesome modules in Fedena School ERP Software.

Amazing Benefits of School Management System

Simple and Easy to Use
Designed to engage teachers and parents. No expertise required to accomplish a task quickly.

Powerful features for your Institution
We provide everything you will ever need to run an education institution successfully. No customization required.

Unlimited Student Licenses
All our plans are affordable and come with no limits on the number of students, teacher, and parent logins.

Save 71% of your staff time using Fedena School Management Software

Get Started for Free Today

Join millions of users who have shared that Fedena provides 99% of Customer Support Satisfaction.

Fedena

    The Fedena Difference
    101 Reasons
    Awards & Recognition
    Customer Testimonials
    What's New

    Feature Tour
    Free Demo
    Pricing & Plans
    Custom ERP
    Mobile App
    Multischool
    SIS

    Contact Us
    Support Forums
    Services
    API Playground

    Partner Programs
    Channel Partner
    OEM Partner

    Our Story
    Core Team
    Blog
    Ebook
    Media & Press
    Careers
    Events

Foradian Technologies,
#2569/665, J K Landmark,
27th Main Rd, Sector 1,
HSR Layout, Bengaluru,
Karnataka 560102
+91- 8047 0918 07
©2019 Foradian Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Privacy

facebook 
twitter 
linkedin 
youtube

